= Test Notifier

Inspired by http://railstips.org/2007/7/23/autotest-growl-pass-fail-notifications

After using Growl notification, I decided to write my own plugin because I have
to work on Ubuntu and Mac OS X and I missed the notification on my Linux box.
This plugin works with Linux, Mac OS X and Windows. All you need to do is
install the specific notification library for your OS.

Instead of displaying lots of notifications for each failure, I prefer to be
notified about the whole test result (you'll have to check your log
file anyway in order to clean up the failures/errors).

== Installation

=== Mac OS X

* Install Growl - http://growl.info/
* Install the growlnotify script located on the "Extras" directory
* Open the Growl Preference Panel (System > Growl) and activate "Listen for incoming notifications" and "Allow remote application registration" options on the Network tab.

=== Linux

If you're a linux guy, you can choose on of these methods:

* Install libnotify-bin and its dependencies: <tt>sudo aptitude install libnotify-bin</tt>
* Install xosd-bin: <tt>sudo aptitude install xosd-bin</tt>
* KDE users don't need to install anything: Test Notifier will use +knotify+ and in in KDE4 Test Notifier will use +kdialog+.

=== Windows

* Install Snarl: download from http://www.fullphat.net
* Install ruby-snarl: <tt>gem install ruby-snarl</tt>

=== All

Then, install the gem with <tt>sudo gem install test_notifier</tt>

== Usage

If you're using Test::Unit you should add <tt>require "test_notifier/runner/test_unit"</tt> to your <tt>test_helper.rb</tt> file.

If you're using RSpec you should add <tt>require "test_notifier/runner/spec"</tt> to your <tt>spec_helper.rb</tt> file. If you're using RSpec 2, you need to add <tt>require "test_notifier/runner/rspec"</tt> instead.

If you're using Autotest you should add <tt>require test_notifier/runner/autotest"</tt> to
the file <tt>~/.autotest</tt>

You can define your notifier.

  TestNotifier.default_notifier = :growl

The available notifiers are <tt>:growl</tt>, <tt>:kdialog</tt>, <tt>:knotify</tt>, <tt>:notify_send</tt>, <tt>:osd_cat</tt> and <tt>:snarl</tt>.

== Maintainer

* Nando Vieira - http://simplesideias.com.br

== Collaborators

* Szymon (jeznet) Jeż - http://github.com/jeznet
* Steve Halasz - http://github.com/woodchuck
* Khaja Minhajuddin - http://minhajuddin.com/

== License

(The MIT License)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.